Now let's take a look at resources and static content to do that.
I just opened up our demo project to show you how spring handles resource instead of content.
In the left pane on the window you see we have a resources path.
This path as you remember from the previous videos is the path that we use to store application up properties
file.
So the same path is the one that we're going to store all over our static content and all of our TMLC
SS all that stuff that we're going to use to hold our application together.
So if you start up a web application from the spring initialiser just as we did before with the demo
application you're going to have static and templates folder right away even if you don't use that you
can how set that templates folder are created by yourself an added dependency in the palm that Exham
all file.
So let's see our static files in-action to do that.
I'm going to create an HD file and use a stylesheet to show you how spring handles those contents.
So now let's just go to static folder and create a new DML file.
I'm going to name is a Tim file as an index.
H HTML file and use a HTML5 of course.
All right we are index Tim L5 create it.
Spring and most of the other containers in the market has some mappings for their initial page files
and index.
HDMI will welcome HTL mail index GSP index GSF index excise DML and lots of other different files are
automatically configured and used for the initial start up point for web applications.
So our index ASTM L will be that point of our application.
So now let's just edit this file and see if we can how it worked with springe let's Kadal
and say resources.
Test and of course we should have a header with H-1 tag.
This is a HDMI resource right now.
To have a CSSA file and to be able to use it in this extremal we're just going to have another folder
created for us.
And it's the CSSA folder.
And this year's folder I'm going to create a stylesheet file and name it as our project name which is
Lema OK.
And this file I'm going to say that our H-1 should be styled as the background color of red.
OK.
And what I should do now is include the CSSA file in our index.
ASTM L.
So let's do that now in the head part of our index ASTM So of course that's the point where are we going
to include our SS.
Now let's link our style sheet to our M-L file to do that.
I'm going to use the link tag and this link tag is going to use type of SS and I'm going to say relation
as stylesheet and type as text slash.
SS So all reference for the CSSA is going to be CSSA slash or D-Mo..
SS So our Web page is loaded.
It's going to load this style sheet and we're going to how are this is an HMO resource text style with
Fred.
All right.
So let's No just brought up our application and see what it looks like.
To do that I'm going to right click on our D-Mo. application and hit run.
Our application is starting up.
All right.
Our application is up and running.
And as you can see here springe printed out that it's adding a welcome page which is under classpath
resource static slash index that HVM L and that's beautiful because spring handle everything by itself.
Again so now let's just open up our browser and check out our Web page.
Let's just type all root directory of our application which has local host and ADHD.
When we hit enter here we go.
We have our text our header H-1 tag and the background is read our initial page.
Our index page is loaded and it's loaded with our CSSA while our stylesheet does.
And not a great way of spring to handle static content in your web applications.
And that's what we're going to use with timely template engine when we do all the upswing and we use
the application.
I hope you enjoyed this demo.